add geth & oe tutorials, add quiknode provider (#1669)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/index.md

- [Running Ethereum Full Nodes: A Complete Guide](https://medium.com/coinmonks/running-ethereum-full-nodes-a-guide-for-the-barely-motivated-a8a13e7a0d31) _Nov 7, 2019 - Justin Leroux_
- [Node Configuration Cheat Sheet](https://dev.to/5chdn/ethereum-node-configuration-modes-cheat-sheet-25l8) _Jan 5, 2019 - Afri Schoeden_
- [How To Install & Run a Geth Node](https://www.quiknode.io/guides/infrastructure/how-to-install-and-run-a-geth-node) _Oct 4, 2020 - Sahil Sen_
- [How To Install & Run a OpenEthereum (fka. Parity) Node](https://www.quiknode.io/guides/infrastructure/how-to-run-a-openethereum-ex-parity-client-node) _Sept 22, 2020 - Sahil Sen_

## Alternatives {#alternatives}

> Running own node can be difficult and you don’t always need to run your own instance. In this case, you can use a third party API provider like [Infura](https://infura.io), [Alchemy](https://alchemyapi.io), or [QuikNode](https://www.quiknode.io). Alternatively [ArchiveNode](https://archivenode.io/) is a community-funded Archive node that hopes to bring archive data on the Ethereum blockchain to small time developers who otherwise couldn't afford it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running your own node can be difficult and you don’t always need to run your own instance. In this case, you can use a third party API provider like [Infura](https://infura.io), [Alchemy](https://alchemyapi.io), or [QuikNode](https://www.quiknode.io). Alternatively [ArchiveNode](https://archivenode.io/) is a community-funded Archive node that hopes to bring archive data on the Ethereum blockchain to independent developers who otherwise couldn't afford it.
```
